c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\FileHandlerApp2.dll.config
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\FileHandlerApp2.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\FileHandlerApp2.pdb
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\Kentor.OwinCookieSaver.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\Microsoft.Azure.ActiveDirectory.GraphClient.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Clients.ActiveDirectory.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Clients.ActiveDirectory.WindowsForms.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocol.Extensions.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\Microsoft.OData.Client.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\Microsoft.OData.Core.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\Microsoft.OData.Edm.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\Microsoft.Office365.Discovery.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\Microsoft.Office365.OutlookServices.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\Microsoft.Office365.SharePoint.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OpenIdConnect.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\Microsoft.Spatial.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Clients.ActiveDirectory.xml
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocol.Extensions.xml
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\Microsoft.OData.Client.xml
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\Microsoft.OData.Core.xml
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\Microsoft.OData.Edm.xml
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OpenIdConnect.xml
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\Microsoft.Spatial.xml
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\de\Microsoft.OData.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\es\Microsoft.OData.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\fr\Microsoft.OData.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\it\Microsoft.OData.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\ja\Microsoft.OData.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\ko\Microsoft.OData.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\ru\Microsoft.OData.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.OData.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.OData.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\de\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\es\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\fr\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\it\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\ja\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\ko\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\ru\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\de\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\es\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\fr\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\it\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\ja\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\ko\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\ru\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\de\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\es\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\fr\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\it\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\ja\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\ko\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\ru\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\obj\Debug\FileHandlerApp2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\obj\Debug\FileHandlerApp2.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileHandlerApp2\FileHandlerApp2\obj\Debug\FileHandlerApp2.pdb
